Added info about disabling existing extension in CONTRIBUTING.md (#42)
metakgp/erp-auto-login: CONTRIBUTING.md

The first thing to do always is to install the extension and note how it works. One of the best ways to do this is to launch the application and go through the files that it launches sequentially.

> NOTE - While testing, to avoid confusion the original extension can be disabled. But however, both of them can work at the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE - For testing the development version, it is recommended to disable the original extension as it might cause confusion and log into the ERP even when development version might not be working properly.
```

> Also, if you already have `IITKGP ERP Auto Login` extension installed in your browser. You'll have to disable it, before running this locally. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** If you have `IITKGP ERP Auto Login` extension already installed in your browser, please disable it before running development version locally. 
```
